Deprecate medication-prescribe and order-review (#469)
cds-hooks/docs: docs/hooks/order-review.md

| hookVersion | 1.0
| Hook maturity | [3 - Considered](../../specification/1.0/#hook-maturity-model)

## Deprecation Notice

> This hooks is being deprecated in favor of the `order-sign` hook. The workflow during which this hook fires is unclear and has led to varying implementations and confusion. Therefore, after discussions on Zulip, and the HL7 CDS Committee, the `medication-prescribe` and `order-review` hooks are being deprecated in favor of newly created [`order-select`](../order-select) and [`order-sign`](../order-sign) hooks. Native criteria within the EHR will be relied upon to only fire the new hooks for appropriate medications / procedures. This notice is a placeholder to this effect while CDS Hooks determines the [appropriate process for deprecating hooks](https://github.com/cds-hooks/docs/issues/433).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This hook is deprecated in favor of the `order-sign` hooks, with the goal of  clarifying workflow trigger points and supporting orders beyond medications. In this refactoring, `medication-prescribe` and `order-review` hooks are being deprecated in favor of newly created [`order-select`](../order-select) and [`order-sign`](../order-sign) hooks. This notice is a placeholder to this effect while CDS Hooks determines the [appropriate process for deprecating hooks](https://github.com/cds-hooks/docs/issues/433).
```
